
In a far away land, long ago, lived a king and his fair queen. Many years had they longed for a child and finally their wish was granted. A daughter was born, and they called her Aurora. Yes, they named her after the dawn for she filled their lives with sunshine. Then a great holiday was proclaimed throughout the kingdom, so that all of high or low estate might pay homage to the infant princess. And our story begins on that most joyful day.



Joyfully now to our princess we come,
Bringing gifts and all good wishes too.
We pledge our loyalty anew.
Hail to the princess Aurora!
All of her subjects adore her!
Hail to the King!
Hail to the Queen!
Hail to the princess Aurora!
Health to the princess,
Wealth to the princess,
Long live the princess Aurora!
Hail Aurora!
Hail Aurora!
Health to the princess,
Wealth to the princess,
Long live the princess Aurora!
Hail to the King!
Hail to the Queen!
Hail to the princess Aurora!


 Thus on this great and joyous day did all the kingdom celebrate the long awaited royal birth. And good King Stefan and his Queen made welcome their life long friend.
 Their royal highnesses, King Hubert and prince Phillip 
 Fondly had these monarchs dreamed one day their kingdoms to unite. Thus today would they announce that Phillip, Huberts son and heir to Stefan's child would be betrothed. And so to her his gift he brought, and looked, unknowing, on his future bride. 
 The most honored and exalted excellencies, the three good fairies. Mistress Flora, mistress Fauna, and mistress Merryweather. 

  Oh, the little darling! [to the king] Your majesties,


Each of us the child may bless with a single gift. No more, no less.   Little princess, my gift shall be the gift of beauty.

 One gift, beauty rare Full of sunshine in her hair Lips that shame the red red rose She'll walk with springtime Wherever she goes 
 Tiny princess, my gift shall be the gift of song. 
 One gift, the gift of song Melody her whole life long The nightingale's her troubadour Bringing her sweet serenade to her door 

Sweet princess, my gift shall be ...


 Why, it's Maleficent! 
 What does she want here?
 Shhh!

Well, quite a glittering assemblage, King Stefan. Royalty, nobility, the gentry, and, how quaint, even the rebel.


 I really felt quite distressed of not receiving an invitation.
 You weren't wanted!
 Not wa...? Oh dear, what an awkward situation. I had hoped it was merely due to some oversight. Well, in that event I'd best be on my way. 
 And you're not offended, your excellency? 

Why no, your majesty. And to show I bear no ill will, I, too, shall bestow a gift on the child.


 Listen well, all of you! The princess shall indeed grow in grace and beauty, beloved by all who know her. But, before the sun sets on her sixteenth birthday, she shall prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and die. 

Oh no!

 Ha, ha, ha, ha! 
 Seize that creature!

Stand back you fools.

 Don't despair, your majesties. Merryweather still has her gift to give. 
 Then she can undo this fearful curse?
 Oh no, sire. 
 Maleficent's powers are far too great.
 But she can help!
 But ...
 Just do your best, dear. 
 Yes ...
 Sweet princess, if through this wicked witches trick a spindle should your finger prick, a ray of hope there still may be in this, the gift I give at thee. Not in death but just in sleep the fateful prophecy you'll keep, and from this slumber you shall wake when true love's kiss the spell shall break. 
 For true love conquers all

But King Stefan, still fearful of his daughter's life, did then and there decree that every spinning wheel in the kingdom should on that very day be burnt. So it was done.


 Silly fiddle faddle!
 Now, come have a nice cup of tea, dear. I'm sure it'll work out somehow. 
 Well, a bonfire won't stop Maleficent. 
 Of course not. But what will?
 Well, perhaps if we reason with her. 
 Reason?
 With Maleficent?
 Well, she can't be all bad. 
 Oh, yes, she can. 
 I'd like to turn her into a fat ole hoptoad!
 Now, dear, that isn't a very nice thing to say. 
 Besides, we can't. You know our magic doesn't work that way. 
 It can only do good, dear, to bring joy and happiness. 
 Well, that would make me happy. 
 But there must be some way ... There he is!
 There he is?
 What is it, Flora? 

I'm going to ... shh, shh, shh! Even walls have ears.



Follow me!


 I'll turn her into a flower!
 Maleficent?
 Oh no, dear, the princess! 
 Oh she'd make a lovely flower.
 Don't you see, a flower can't prick its finger. 
 It hasn't any.
 That's right.
 She'll be perfectly safe.
 Until Maleficent sends a frost.
 Yes, a ... oh dear! 
 She always ruins your nicest flowers.
 You're right. And she'll be expecting us to do something like that.
 But what won't she expect, she knows everything. 
 Oh but she doesn't dear. Maleficent doesn't know anything about love, or kindness, or the joy of helping earnest. You know, sometimes I don't think she's really very happy. 

  That's it, of course! It's the only thing she can't understand, and won't expect. [to herself] oh, oh, now, now ... We have to plan it carefully, let's see, woodcutters cottage, yes, yes, the abandoned one, of course the King and Queen will object, but when we explain it's the only way ...

 Explain what?
 About the three peasant women raising a foundling child deep in the forest.
 Oh, that's very nice of them. 
 Who are they?

Turn around!


 iih ... why, it's ... us! 
 You mean, we, us? 
 Take care of the baby?
 Why not?
 Oh, i'd like that! 

  Well, yes, yes, but will we have to feed it?

 And wash it and dress it and rock it to sleep. Oh I'd love it.
 You really think we can?
 If humans can do it, so can we. 
 And we have our magic to help us.
 That's right.
 Oh, no, no, no, no, no magic! I'll take those wands right now. Oh, better get rid of those wings, too. 

You mean, live like mortals? For sixteen years?   Now, we don't know how. We've never done anything without magic.

 And that's why Maleficent will never suspect.
 But who'll wash, and cook? 
 Oh, we'll all pitch in. 
 I'll take care of the baby!

Let me have it, dear.


Come along now, We must tell their majesties at once.


 Flora!

Flora!

[Outside the castle. We see Stefan and the Queen at a balcony looking down towards the the fairies carrying the baby away]


So the king and his queen watched with heavy hearts as their most precious posession, their only child, disappeared into the night.



Many sad and lonely years passed by for King Stefan and his people. But as the time for the princesses sixteenth birthday drew near, the entire kingdom began to rejoice. For everyone knew that as long as Maleficent's domain, the forbidden mountains, thundered with her wrath and frustration, her evil prophecy had not yet been fulfilled.


 It's incredible, sixteen years and not a trace of her! She couldn't have vanished into thin air. Are you sure you searched everywhere? 
 yeah, yeah, anywhere, we all ... 
 yeah, yeah! 
 But what about the town, the forests, the mountains? 
 We searched mountains, forests, and houses, and let me see, in all the cradles. 
 Cradle?
 Yeah, yeah, every cradle. 

  Cradle? [to her pet raven] Did you hear that my pet? All these years, they've been looking for a baby! [laughing] oh, oh, ha, ha, ha ...


  ha, ha, ha ...


  [angry] Fools! Idiots! Imbeciles! [drives her search patrol away] [alone with her pet again] Oh, they're hopeless. A disgrace to the forces of evil. [talking to the raven] My pet, you are my last hope. Circle far and wide, search for a maid of sixteen with hair of sunshine gold and lips red as the rose. Go, and do not fail me. [pet flies away]
[The camera approaches a house in the woods]


And so for sixteen long years the whereabouts of the princess remained a mystery, while deep in the forest, in a woodcutter's cottage, the good fairies carried out their well-laid plan. Living like mortals, they had reared the child as their own and called her Briar Rose.



On this her sixteenth birthday the good fairies had planned a party and something extra special for her surprise.


 How about this one?
 This is the one I picked.
 Oh she'll look beautiful in it.
 Now I thought a few changes here ...
 Aha
 Don't forget a pretty bow ...
 And there's the shoulder line.
 We'll make it blue.
 Oh no, dear, pink. 
 But ...
 Of course, we'll need a few pleats 
 Yes, but how are we going to get her out of the house? 

Oh, I'll think of something.


 Well, and what are you three dears up to? 
 Up to?
 Up to?
 Up to?
 eh, eh, eh, we, we, well, we, we ... 
 Want you to pick some berries.
 That's it, berries! 
 Berries?
 Lots of berries.
 But I picked berries yesterday.
 Oh, we need more, dear. 
 Lots, lots more. 

Yes!


 Now don't hurry back, dear. 
 And don't go to far.
 And don't speak to strangers.
 Goodbye, dear! 
 Goodbye!
 Goodbye!

Goodbye!


 I wonder if she suspects.
 Of course not, come on. Will she be surprised! 
 A real birthday party.
 With a real birthday cake.
 Yes, and a dress a princess can be proud of. 
 I'll get the wands.
 Yes, you ... the wands? 
 Oh no.
 No magic!
 But the sixteen years are almost over.
 We're taking no chances.
 But, I never baked a fancy cake. 
 Oh, you won't have to, dear. 
 I'm going to bake the cake.
 You?
 She's always wanted to, dear, and this is her last chance. 
 Well, ... 
 I'm going to make it fifteen layers with pink and blue, forgive-me-nots ... 
 And i'm making the dress.
 But you can't sow, and she's never cooked! 
 Oh, it's simple. 

All you do is follow the book.


 Up here dear, you can be the dummy. 

Well, I still say we ought to use magic.



  Flour, three cups. [searching] Cups, cups, cups, cups, cups ... [finds three cups of different sizes and uses them to pour flour into the bowl] One, two, three.
[Flora has cut a circular hole into the sheet]

 What's that for?
 Well, it's got to have a hole in the bottom. 
 That's for the feet to go through.
 It's pink!
 Oh, lovely shade, isn't it. 
 But I wanted it blue.
 Now, dear, we decided pink was her color. 
 You decided!

  Two eggs, fold in gently Fold? Oh well.
[Fauna puts two eggs into the bowl and starts to fold them in. We hear their shells cracking. Merryweather is completely hulled into the pink cloth]


I can't breathe!


 It looks awful.
 That's because it's on you, dear. 

  Now yeast, one tsp. tsp?

 One teaspoon!

One teaspoon, of course.


 Oh gracious how the child has grown.
 Oh, it seems only yesterday we brought her here. 

Just a tiny baby.


 Why Merryweather!
 Whatever's the matter, dear? 
 After the day she'll be a princess, and we won't have any Briar Rose. 
 Oh Flora!
 We all knew this day had to come.
 But why did it have to come so soon?
 After all, we've had her for sixteen years. 
 Sixteen wonderful years.

Good gracious, We're acting like a lot of ninnies! Come on, she'll be back before we get started.

[The camera turns to the background, where Phillip rides on his horse. Briar Rose's singing is still faintly heard]


  Hear that, Samson? Beautiful! What is it? Come on, let's find out. [turns his horse around, but it struggles back] Oh, come on! For an extra bucket of oats, and a few carrots? [horse nods with his head] Hop boy!
[They ride of towards the singing. While Samson jumps over a log, Phillip gets caught in a tree and falls off]


Ohhh!



No carrots!



I wonder,
I wonder,
I wonder why each little bird
Has a someone to sing to
Sweet things to
A gay little love melody.
I wonder,
I wonder,
If my heart keeps singing
Will my song go wing-ing
To someone
Who'll find me
And bring back a love song
To me!


 Oh dear, why do they still treat me like a child. 
 Who?

Why, Flora and Fauna and Merryweather. They never want me to meet anyone.   But you know something? I fooled 'em. I have met someone!


Who? Who? Who?


Oh, a prince. Well, he's tall and handsome and ... and so romantic. Oh we walked together, and talked together, and just before we say goodbye, he takes me in his arms, and then ... I wake up.


Yes, it's only in my dreams. But they say if you dream a thing more than once, It's sure to come true. And I've seen him so many times!



You know samson, There was something strange about that voice. Too beautiful to be real. Maybe it was a mysterious being, a wood sprite ...   There, stop!
[The owl dresses in Phillip's cape and hat and is lifted by birds, one rabbit each take the shoes, and together they approach Briar Rose]



Oh, why, it's my dream prince!   [laughs] Your highness! No, I'm really not supposed to speak to strangers. But we've met before! [dances with her 'dream prince', singing]
I know you
I walked with you
Once upon a dream
I know you
The gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
[Phillip and Samson approach the scene, but hide behind a tree]


And I know it's true
That visions are seldom all they seem
But if I know you I know what you'll do
You'll love me at once
The way you did
Once upon a dream



But if I know you
I know what you'll do
You'll love me at once



The way you did


 Once upon a dream

Oh?   Oh! [tries halfheartedly to run off, but is held by Phillip]

 I'm awfully sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you.
 Oh it wasn't that. It's just that you're a, a ... 
 A stranger?
 Hmm-hmm.
 But don't you remember? We've met before!
 We, we have? 
 Once upon a dream!
I know you
I walked with you
Once upon a dream
I know you
The gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
[We see them from remote waltzing at a lake]


And I know it's true
That visions are seldom all they seem
But if I know you
I know what you'll do
You'll love me at once
The way you did
Once upon a dream



 Who are you, what's your name? 

Hmm? Oh, my name. Why, it's, it's ... Oh no, no, I can't, I ... Goodbye!

 But when will I see you again?
 Oh never, never! 
 Never?
 Well, maybe someday. 
 When, tomorrow? 
 Oh no, this evening. 
 Where?

At the cottage, in the glen.



Well, what do you think of it?


 Why, it's a very unusual cake, isn't it? 
 Yes. Of course it'll be much stiffer after it's bake.
 Of course, dear. What do you think of the dress? 
 Well, it's not exactly the way it is in the book, is it? 
 Well, I improved a bit! But perhaps if I added few more ruffolds? What do you think? 
 I think so. What do you think, Merryweather? 

  I think we've had enough of this nonsense. I think we ought to think of Rose, and what she'll think of this mess. I still think what I thunk before. I'm going to get those wands. [going off]

 You know, I think she's right. 
 Here they are, good as new. 

Careful, Merryweather! Quick, lock the doors. Flora, you close the windows. Pluck up every cranny, We can't take any chances! And now,   you take care of the cake,

 While I ...

Clean the room, dear, And I'll make the dress. Well, hurry!



Come on, bucket, mob, broom, Flora says, clean up the room!


And now to make a lovely dress, fit the grace of fair princess.


Eggs, flour, milk,   just do it the way it's here in the book. I'll put on the candles. [the cake starts to bake itself]
[Everything proceeds smoothly and quickly, but then Merryweather sees the dress]


Oh no, not pink. Make it blue.


Merryweather! Make it pink.


Blue.


Pink.


Blue.
[They start fighting over the color. The camera turns to the fireplace, where blazes of color go through the chimney. We see the house from the outside, and Maleficent's pet raven, who sees the fireworks. Inside the house, the 'war' continues, until they both hit the dress at the same time, with the result that it looks like two cans of color were emptied on it]

 Look what you've done!

Shh, listen!

 It's Rose!
 She's back, enough of this foolishness. 

  Make it pink. [makes it pink] Now hide, quick.


Blue.
[outside, Briar Rose hurries toward the house]


And Flora,


 Good gracious, who left the mob running? 

Stop, mob!



And Flora, Fauna, Merryweather! Where is everybody?   Oh!

 Surprise, surprise! 
 Happy birthday!
 Oh you darlings, this is the happiest day of my life. Everything's so wonderful, just wait till you meet him. 
 Him?
 Rose!
 You've met some stranger?
 Oh he's not a stranger, we've met before. 
 You have?
 Where?

Once upon a dream!
I know you
I walked with you
Once upon a dream ...

 She's in love.
 Oh no.
 This is terrible!

  Why? After all, I am sixteen.

 It isn't that, dear. 
 You're already betrothed.
 Betrothed?
 Since the day you were born.
 To prince Phillip, dear. 
 But that's impossible! How could I marry a prince, I'd have to be ... 
 A princess.
 And you are dear!

Princess Aurora. Tonight, we're taking you back to your father, King Stefan.


 But, but I can't! He's coming here tonight, I promised to meet him. 
 I'm sorry, child, but you must never see that young man again. 

Oh, no, no! I can't believe it. No, no!



And we thought she'd be so happy.
  [Stefan castle. He's standing at the window, looking outside. Hubert is with him, eating]


  No sign of her yet, Hubert.


'course not. Good half hour 'till sunset.   Ah, excellent bird! [looks at Stefan] Oh now, come on, wake up, battle's over, girl's as good as here.

 I'm sorry, Hubert, but after sixteen years of worrying, never knowing ... 

The past, all in the past.   arrives with a bottle of wine] Tonight, we toast to future with something i've been saving for sixteen years. [fills two glasses] Here, to the future!

 Right, Hubert, to the future! 
 Skumps!
 Skumps
 A toast to this knight
 The outlook is rosy
 The future is bright
 Our children will marry Our kingdoms unite Skumps, Skumps, Skumps! 
 Ah, excellent vintage. And now, to the new home, ey? 
 New home?
 Children need a nest of their own, what? Place to raise their little brood, ey? 
 Well, I suppose in time ... 
 Of course. To the home! Skumps!
 Skumps!
 A toast to the home
 One grander by far than a palace in Rome
 Let me fill up your glass, That glass was all foam. 
 Skumps, Skumps, Skumps! 

  The plans! [servant holds a castle's plan in front of Stefan face] Well, what do you think? Nothing elaborate, of course. Forty bedrooms, Dining hall, Honeymoon cottage, really.

 You mean, you're building it already? 
 Built man! Finished. The love-birds can move in tomorrow.
 Tomorrow? But Hubert, they're not even married yet. 
 Take care of that tonight. To the wedding!
 Now hold on, Hubert. I haven't even seen my daughter yet, and you're taking her away from me. 
 Getting my Phillip aren't you?
 Yes, but ... 
 Want to see our grandchildren, don't we? 
 Of course, but ... 
 There's no time to lose! Getting on in years. To the wedding!
 Now be reasonable, Hubert. After all, Aurora knows nothing about this. 
 Well?
 Well, it may come as quite a shock ... 

Shock? My Phillip a shock?   What's wrong with my Phillip?

 Nothing, Hubert. I only meant ... 
 Why, doesn't your daughter like my son 
 Now, now ... I'm not so sure my son likes your daughter! 
 Now, see here ... 
 I'm not so sure my grandchildren want You for a grandfather
 Why, you unreasonable, pompous, blustering, old windbag! 

Unreasonable, pompous ...   En garde, sir!


I warn you, Hubert, this means war.
[they start to fight, fish against plate. then abruptly break into laughter]

 What's this all about anyway?
 Nothing Hubert, absolutely nothing. 
 The children are bound to fall in love with each other.
 Precisely. And as for grandchildren, I'll have the royal woodcarvers start work on the cradle tomorrow. 
 Splendid! King size, of course. 

Certainly. To the woodcarver's guild!


 His royal highness, Prince Phillip 

Phillip?
[Before the castle. Phillip arrives on his horse]


Phillip! Phillip! Phillip, hold, Phillip!   Hurry, boy, hurry, and change in something suitable. Can't meet your future bride looking like that.

 Well, I have met her, father. 
 You have? where?

Once upon a dream.


Oh Phillip, stop it, stop that, why, Phillip, Put me down!   Now, what's all this dream nonsense?

 It wasn't a dream, father. I really did meet her! 
 Princess Aurora? Good heavens, we must tell Stefan! Why this is the most ... 
 I didn't say it was Aurora.
 You most certainly did, you said ... 
 I said I met the girl I was going to marry. I don't know who she was, a peasant girl I suppose. 

A peasant g-g-girl? You're going to marry a ... Why Phillip, you're joking!   isn't he? [Samson shakes his head] You can't do this to me! Give up the throne, the kingdom, for some, some nobody? By Harry, I won't have it. You're a prince, and you're going to marry a princess!

 Now father, you're living in the past. This is the fourteenth century. Nowadays ... 
 Nowadays I'm still the king, and I command you to come to your senses. 
 ... and marry the girl I love.
 Exactly!

Goodbye, father!


Goodbye, father! Marry the girl you ... No, no, Phillip, stop, come back, hold Phillip! Phillip! Oh, how will I ever tell Stefan?


 All right, in here, dear. 




Lock the door, Merryweather! Fauna, pull the drapes! And now, dear, if you'll just sit here.
This one last gift, dear child for thee, the symbol of thy royalty. A crown to wear in grace and beauty, as is thy right, and royal duty.


 Now, dear. 

Come, let her have a few moments alone.

 It's that boy she met.

Whatever are we going to do?


 I don't see why she has to marry any old prince.

Now, that's not for us to decide, dear.


 Maybe we should tell King Stefan about the boy.

Well, why don't we?


 Listen! Maleficent!

Rose, Rose!


 Oh why did we leave her alone?

Rose, Rose!



Rose, Rose! Where are you? Rose!



Rose!



Rose! Don't touch anything!



Touch the spindle. Touch it I say!


 Oh!

You poor simple fools. Thinking you could defeat me, me, the mistress of all evil. Well, here's your precious princess.


 Rose!
 Oh Rose! Oh, I'll never forgive myself. 

We're all to blame!

[Inside the castle. King Stefan and the Queen sit on their throne. Hubert approaches Stefan]

 Stefan, there's something important I have to tell you. 
 Not now, Hubert. 
 But it's about Phillip.
 Phillip, oh yes, of course, Phillip, why, where is the boy? 
 That's what i'm telling to tell you.
 Well, send for him immediately! 

But ...



The sun has set, make ready to welcome your princess!
  [The fairies are crying at a bed they have placed Aurora on, a red rose in her hand. They go onto the balcony and see the cheering crowd]


 Poor King Stefan and the Queen.
 They'll be heartbroken when they find out.
 They're not going to.
 They aren't?

We'll put them all to sleep, until Rose awakens. Come!


 Well, just been talking to Phillip. Seems he's fallen in love with some peasant girl. 
 Peasant girl? Yes, yes? The peasant girl, who is she? Where did he meet her? 
 Just some peasant girl he met.
 Where, where? 

Once upon a dream.


Once upon a dr... Rose! Prince Phillip!   Come on, we've got to get back to the cottage!
[The fairies hurriedly start towards back the cottage] [Phillip on his horse, whistling 'once upon a dream' as he approaches the cottage. He knocks on the door]


Come in!




  Well, this is a pleasant surprise. I set my trap for a peasant, and lo! I catch a prince! [laughs] Away with him. But gently, my pets, gently, I have plans for our royal guest.
[The fairies are still on their way. As they arrive, they find the door open. They enter and find Phillip's hat on the floor]

 Maleficent!
 She's got Prince Phillip!
 At the forbidden mountain.
 But we can't, we can't go there! 

We can, and we must.



  What a pity prince Phillip can't be here to enjoy the celebration. Come, we must go to the dungeon and cheer him up.
[Maleficent walks toward the dungeon. her raven and the fairies follow her. Maleficent talks to Phillip, who sits chained to the wall, head down]


Oh come now, prince Phillip. Why so melancholy? A wondrous future lies before you. You, the destined hero of a charming fairy tale come true.



Behold, King Stefan's castle, and in yonder topmost tower, dreaming of her true love, the princess Aurora. But see the gracious whim of fate. Why, 'tis the self same peasant maid, who won the heart of our noble prince but yesterday. She is indeed most wondrous fair. Gold of sunshine in her hair, lips that shame the red, red rose. In ageless sleep she finds repose. The years roll by, but a hundred years to a steadfast heart are 'bout a day. And now, the gates of the dungeon part, and the prince is free to go his way. Off he rides on his noble steed ...



... a valiant figure, straight and tall, to wake his love with love's first kiss, and prove that true love conquers all.



Why, you mean ...



Come, my pet. Let us leave our noble prince with these happy thoughts.   A most gratifying day.
[outside the dungeon, she locks the door]


For the first time in sixteen years I shall sleep well.



Shh, no time to explain.



Wait, prince Phillip. The road to true love may be barriered by still many more dangers, which you alone will have to face. So arm thyself with this enchanted shield of virtue and this mighty sword of truth. For these weapons of righteousness will triumph over evil.



Phillip, watch out!



Silence!   You, tell those fools to ... [notices that he is now of stone] No! [sees Phillip escaping] No!
[the drawbridge is raised]


Watch out, Phillip!



Hurry, hurry, Phillip!



A forest of thorn shall be his tomb.
Born through the skies on a fog of doom.
Now go with the curse and serve me well,
Round Stefan's castle cast by spell!




[Phillip stops only shortly, then starts cutting a way with his sword. finally, he is through]


No, it cannot be!   Now shall you deal with me, old prince, and all the powers of hell! [transforms herself into a huge dragon]
[Phillip courageously starts towards her. But he has no chance against the fire-spying dragon. After a short fight, he must retreat. At a wall, he has to stop]


  Hop! come this way
[Phillip climbs up, only to see that he is now trapped on a cliff. At another blaze of fire he loses his shield]



[the fairies at the prince, they combine their magic on the sword]


Now sword of truth fly swift and sure,
That evil die and good endure!
  [Phillip and the fairies get inside the castle and up to the tower, where Aurora lies on her bed. Phillip slowly walks towards her and gives her a faint kiss on the lips. Aurora awakens, sees Phillip and begins to smile]
[inside the throne room, everyone awakens, too]

 Oh, ah, forgive me, Hubert, the wine ... Now, you were saying? 
 I was? oh yes, well, after all, Stefan, this is the fourteenth century. 
 Yes, you said that a moment ago. 

Well, to come right to the point, my son Phillip says he's going to marry ...


 It's Aurora, she's here! 

  and Phillip!
[Aurora and Phillip knee down before the throne. Aurora then fondly embraces her mother]


  What does this mean, boy? I don't ...
[Aurora kisses Hubert on the cheek]


But, but, ...



  I don't understand
[on the balcony, Fauna loses a tear]

 Why, Fauna, what's the matter, dear? 
 Oh, I just love happy endings. 

Yes, I do, too.   Oh, Blue? [swings her wand] Pink! [the dress changes to pink]

 I know you, I walked with you Once upon a dream 

Blue!


I know you,
The gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam



And I know it's true
That visions are seldom all they seem
But if I know you I know what you'll do


 You'll love me at once The way you did Once upon a dream The End A Walt Disney Production Frank Pilhofer <fp -AT- fpx.de> Back to the Homepage
 Fri Aug 11 10
